5
(2)
TOTAL
(10)
SIGN
(A) Install JDK, write a simple “Hello World” or
similar java program, compilation, debugging,
executing using java compiler and interpreter.
(B) Write a program in Java to find maximum of three
numbers using conditional operator.
(C) Write a program in Java to reverse the digits of a
number using while loop
(A) Write a program in Java to add two 3*3 matrices.
(B) Write a program in Java to generate first N prime
numbers.
(A) Write a program in Java which has a class Student
having two instance variables enrollment No and name.
Create 3 objects of Student class in main method and
display student’s name.
(B) Write a program in Java which has a class
Rectangle having two instance variables height and
weight. Initialize the class using constructor.
(C)Write a program in Java demonstrate the use of
“this” keyword.
(D)Write a program in Java to demonstrate the use of
“static” keyword.
(A) Write a program in Java to demonstrate the use of
"final" keyword.
(B) Write a program in Java which has a class Shape
having 2 overloaded methods area(float radius) and
area(float length, float width). Display the area of circle
and rectangle using overloaded methods.
(C) Write a program in Java to demonstrate the
constructor overloading.
(D) Write a java program to demonstrate use of
“String” class methods
(A) Write a program in Java to demonstrate single
inheritance
(B) Write a program in Java to demonstrate multilevel
inheritance
(C) Write a program in Java to demonstrate hierarchical
inheritance.
(D) Write a program in Java to demonstrate method
overriding.
(E) Write a program in Java which has a class Car
having two instance variables topSpeed and name.
Override toString() method in Car class. Create 3
instances of Car class and print the instances.
1
2
3
4
5
STUDENT NAME:
DIVISION:
BATCH:
ENROLLMENT NO:
TAPI DIPLOMA ENGINEERING COLLEGE ,SURAT [647]
COMPUTER ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT [07]
INDEX
SUBJECT NAME:  Advanced Object Oriented Programming
TERM:01/02/2024 to 25/05/2024
SUBJECT CODE: 4340701
"To mould technocrat in the field of computer engineering with innovation skills, moral values and societal concerns."

(A) Write a program in Java to implement multiple
inheritance using interfaces.
(B) Write a program in Java which has an abstract class
Shape having three subclasses: Triangle, Rectangle, and
Circle.
(C) Define method area() in the abstract class Shape
and override area() method tocalculate the area.
(D) Write a program in Java to demonstrate use of final
Class.
(E) Write a program in Java to demonstrate use of
package.
(A) Write a program in Java to develop user defined
exception for'Divide by Zero' error.
(B) Write a program in Java to develop Banking
Application in which user deposits the amount Rs
25000 and then start withdrawing of Rs 20000, Rs
4000 and it throws exception "Not Sufficient Fund"
when user withdraws Rs. 2000 there after.
(A) Write a program that executes two threads. One
thread displays “Thread1” every 1000 milliseconds, and
the other displays “Thread2” every 2000 milliseconds.
Create the threads by extending the Thread class
(B) Write a program that executes two threads. One
thread will print the even numbers and another thread
will print odd numbers from 1 to 200.
(A) Write a program in Java to perform read and write
operations on a Text file.
(B) Write a program in Java to demonstrate use of List.
1) Create ArrayList and add weekdays (in string form)
2) Create LinkedList and add months (in string form)
Display.